[general]
name=KGA Toolbox
qgisMinimumVersion=3.28
description=Spatial data management, schema, editing, conversion and topology utilities.
about=KGA Toolbox bundles the KGA processing algorithms into a single provider with a dedicated toolbar. It adds the things QGIS leaves out: a two-way converter between an ArcGIS File Geodatabase and a GeoPackage that carries field domains and layer aliases across, an editor for GeoPackage field domains, an append tool with a real field mapping, a safe attribute round-trip to Excel, and a self-contained layer package format.
version=0.5.1
author=Khmer GRS Academy (KGA)
email=khmergiscademy@gmail.com

homepage=https://khmergrs.com/
tracker=https://github.com/khmergrs/kga-toolbox/issues
repository=https://github.com/sophon-pro/KGAToolbox-QGIS

hasProcessingProvider=yes

icon=icons/kga.png
experimental=False
deprecated=False
category=Analysis
tags=processing,topology,geopackage,filegdb,geodatabase,arcgis,conversion,domains,schema,excel,packaging,duplicates,geometry,validation,copy,paste,editing,cogo,survey,parcel,buffer,merge,divide,clip,parallel,polygon

changelog=
    0.5.1 - New editing tool: Construct Polygon, a replica of the ArcGIS Pro
            Modify Features "Construct Polygons" pane. Click the lines
            that bound an area - or drag a path across them, or select them
            first with any QGIS tool - and press Enter to write the polygon
            they enclose into a template layer. The lines have to close: when
            they do not, nothing is written, the loose ends are named and
            flashed on the map, and the courses stay in hand so a tolerance
            can be raised and Enter pressed again. A running verdict above the
            buttons says how many lines are in hand, whether they close and
            how many polygons they would make. Lines that cross are nodded
            first, so a boundary enclosing several areas gives one polygon per
            area, or one combined feature on request. The lines themselves are
            never changed.
    0.5.0 - The KGA Feature Templates group is gone: the Feature Templates
            dock, the Apply Template to Selection algorithm and the project
            storage behind them are removed. Templates saved in an existing
            project are simply ignored; no layer keeps an overridden field
            default, because arming was always undone on unload.
            Six new editing tools that will be familiar to ArcGIS Pro users:
            Copy Parallel, Buffer, Split into COGO Lines, Merge, Divide
            and Clip. Each is a modeless dialog with a map tool of its own:
            press the button, hover a feature to see the result drawn in cyan,
            click to write it, or drag a path across several to do them all.
            Every click or drag is one undo step. Merge collects instead -
            click each feature to take it in, Enter to combine them.
            Copy Parallel offsets lines left, right or both ways with mitered,
            beveled or rounded corners, and keeps the digitized direction that
            decides which side is which. Buffer creates buffer polygons in a
            chosen template layer, with end-cap and corner control and an
            option to combine what overlaps. Split into COGO Lines breaks a
            boundary into one line per course carrying Direction, Distance,
            Radius and ArcLength, in any of the four ArcGIS direction types and
            four direction units; circular arcs stay single courses with a
            signed radius rather than being chorded. Merge combines features
            with a per-field value chooser and keeps the preserved feature's
            id. Divide cuts lines by length and polygons into equal-area
            strips along a chosen direction, with a say in where the leftover
            goes. Clip discards or preserves the area that intersects the
            selection, across the layers you tick.
            Distances and areas are honest on a layer stored in degrees: the
            work is done in the matching UTM zone and brought back.
    0.4.1 - New geometry tool: Copy-Paste Feature, an interactive equivalent
            of the ArcGIS Pro Copy / Paste Special pair. Copy features from the
            selection or by clicking them on the map, then choose the target
            layer and how the attributes travel: matched by name (exactly,
            ignoring case, or ignoring case, spaces and underscores), mapped
            by hand field by field, given a fixed value, or dropped so the
            target defaults apply. Geometry is fitted to the target on the
            way in - reprojected, promoted to multipart or exploded into
            single parts, curves segmented, Z and M added or dropped - and
            every value that had to be converted or would not fit is
            reported rather than left as a silent NULL. Each paste is one
            undo step.
    0.4.0 - New conversion tools: File Geodatabase to GeoPackage and GeoPackage
            to File Geodatabase, converting a whole container at a time. Field
            domains, non-spatial tables, Z/M values and curves travel with the
            data; layer names are made legal for the target format and the
            original is kept as the ArcGIS alias, so the round trip gives the
            names back. The geodatabase side gets OBJECTID, optional
            Shape_Length and Shape_Area fields and an optional feature dataset,
            and QGIS styles can ride along in a KGA_layer_styles table. The
            provider now skips classes whose name starts with an underscore, so
            a shared base class no longer registers as a nameless algorithm.
    0.3.1 - New editing tool: Sequential Numbering, an interactive dialog that
            numbers features as you click or drag a path across them, with
            prefix, suffix and zero padding for text fields. Planarize Lines
            gained a "Planarize the input layer in place" option that rewrites
            the input layer instead of producing an output.
    0.3.0 - New topology tools: Check Points on Boundary Vertices and the Error
            Inspector dock, which lists the errors either check wrote, zooms to
            each one and re-runs the check. New geometry tools: Planarize Lines,
            Duplicate Checker, Update Geometry Fields and Update X/Y or Lat/Lon
            Fields. The Error Inspector and Duplicate Checker windows are now
            closed when the plugin is unloaded. DEM & Contour Tool moved from
            its own Terrain Analysis group into KGA Irrigation Tools.
    0.2.0 - Domain & Schema Manager, Feature Templates, Append with Field
            Mapping, Excel round-trip, Layer Package. New groups: KGA Schema
            Tools, KGA Editing Tools. Topology group renamed to KGA Topology.
            Every algorithm now has a Help button that lands on the KGA docs.
            Icon set unified on the KGA brand palette, with dedicated icons
            for the KML export, geometry conversion and topology check tools.
    0.1.0 - First release: data management, conversion, geometry, irrigation
            and topology tools.
